Thank you for downloading the AmesPAHdbSuite accompanying the NASA
Ames PAH IR Spectroscopic Database. Additional and updated information
can be found at http://www.astrochem.org/pahdb/ and in Boersma et
al. 2014, The Astrophysical Journal Supplement Series, 211, 8.

This set of IDL scripts and object classes help working with the
database XML-files downloadable from
http://www.astrochem.org/pahdb/. Check there regularly for updated
versions with bug fixes and enhancements.

Installation instructions can be found in the INSTALL file and
online. Version information can be found in the VERSION file. Changes
between versions can be found in the CHANGELOG file. A users guide can
be found in the doc-directory of the suite.

The suite currently consists of 13 IDL object classes and two helper
programs. The main interface to the database is provided by the
AmesPAHdbIDLSuite-object, which will parse the dowloaded XML-file
utilizing IDL's AmesPAHXMLParser-object. The available PAH data is
divided into four parts, each handled by its own object class and
providing its own functionality. 1) The
AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Species-object, holds the PAH molecular properties,
2) The AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Transitions-object, holds the fundamental
vibrational transitions, 3) The
AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Laboratory_Spectrum-object holds the raw laboratory
spectrum, and 4) The AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Geometry-objects, holds the
geometrical data. The AmesPAHdbIDLSuite-object will return one of
these object classes upon request. In addition, the
AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Transitions-object returns object classes upon
convolving, co-adding and fitting spectra; an
AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Spectrum-, AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Coadded_Spectrum- and
AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Fitted_Spectrum-object, respectively. The
AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Observation-object can handle some commonly used
astronomical data formats. The AmesPAHdbIDLSuite_Browser-object is a
graphical user interface to the database that can be used to browse
its contents. Lastly, the IDL_Object-object is a class used to inherit
from in IDL versions before 8.0, allowing operator overloaded classes
to still compile on earlier versions
